# Studybuddy

## About us

"Study-Buddy!" is an app that allows students to help each other with problems related to studying or student life. Anyone involved in university life can sign up and share knowledge with those who have some shortcomings.
“Study-Buddy!” aims to combine many forms of assistance. From the simplest questions on how to organise your studies, through questions for help with specific issues, to complex problems. Students will be able to find answers to all these problems on the forum. This will be the place for simple questions related to tasks, campus functioning, problems. We want to create possibilities for help as well as discussion.  However, the most important thing for us is to give students a platform to join groups. In "Study-Buddy!" everyone will be able to form their own team to study together, tutor or take part in tutoring, take part in competitions, do joint projects, etc. An important pillar of our application is precisely the students' willingness to act. It often happens that there are people who want to act at an early stage of their studies, but they don't know how to start, they don't know people, etc. We want "Study-Buddy!" to be a place that brings together such people and where even a person after only a few weeks of studies can find people with whom they share a passion, interests and goals that they can fulfill together.
One of our main goals is also to increase the pass rate of students in their first year. Research shows that a large number of people who drop out of university do so because they have fallen behind at some stage in their studies and there is no room for making up for this with the specialised knowledge we have at university.

Our project is easy to implement in different universities, as it is based on any student aid. One of the successes of our project is winning the Sea-EU Makeathon competition at university level and advancing to the European stage, where we will face groups from all over Europe. The aim of the competition was to create all kinds of improvements and facilities for students in university life. The University of Gdansk was willing to cooperate with us and ensured that students would be able to tutor as part of their compulsory practice.
